This screencast is about how to contribute to the Akka.net project on GitHub. If you are watching this expecting to learn what Akka.net is all about this is not the screencast for you. What I would suggest is go to http://getakka.net/ website read through the documentation or I can also highly recommend listening to episode 1058 of Dot Net Rocks http://www.dotnetrocks.com/default.aspx?showNum=1058 with guest Roger Alsing. If you are looking for training or looking for a consultant check out http://petabridge.com/.

When I first came across Akka.net I really wanted to contribute. So I decided to create a Dependency Injection extension. But I was so focused on creating the feature I did not take the time to review the best practices prescribed by the Akka.net team. As a result of that misstep I decided to create this screencast to help those whom would like to contribute but have never actually done a Pull Request before. All the steps are outline on the Akka.net GitHub repository and they will be the basis of the screencast.

So the first thing you are going to need is a GitHub account. If you have one then you check off step one complete. If you don't then just go to http://github.com and create an account which is free, quick and easy to do. There are many benefits besides creating pull requests and I would suggest going through their tutorials which are full of excellent information.

Okay next thing on the check list is git the application. In this screencast I will be going through this process from a Windows perspective however everything is still relevant even if you are on Mac or Linux it just means that you path to install the tools will be different. On the Windows side the easiest thing is to install GitHub for windows. The link to the free installation can be found at https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/ which has also links to the aforementioned platforms.

Once you have GitHub for Windows installed take the time to configure it by providing with with your credentials, paths to where you would like the cloned repositories to be copied to, the to off git shell you would like to use and any other settings that are pertinent to your situation. I will be using the GitShell not Powershell but you are more then welcome to use what you wish.

Once you have decided on your shell please open it up and type the following `git config --global credential.helper wincred` what this will do is cache your credentials for use by the command line. This will be very helpful unless you enjoy repeatedly typing in your credentials. Check out the reference for more details at https://help.github.com/articles/caching-your-github-password-in-git/.

Git is also integrated into Visual Studio 2012 and above and there is also another cool tool called [SourceTree](http://r.search.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0LEVxrILSNVPHkAiRZXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTE3cHExYzVhBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDVklQNTA0XzEEc2VjA292LXRvcA--/RV=2/RE=1428397641/RO=10/RU=http%3a%2f%2f0.r.msn.com%2f%3fld%3dd3wBH9FRN4c6yjvNFIqHLvbzVUCUwMsdW93R-AB2CpUJW5V9L9LtEJWFAJMKHlLTZi7kw6mmiNjnXsH-lVaRTjL2xWt9EJTKb_6ASF-MSt8ScfO3rKlT0jAiy9rNuXoSErYEyjDPxGsplqJLiG0VkYyTwDjoemHJaUZSkBz-t-IHVBPcSY%26u%3dhttps%253a%252f%252fwww.atlassian.com%252fsoftware%252fsourcetree%252foverview%253futm_source%253dbing%2526utm_medium%253dcpc%2526utm_term%253dsourcetree%2526utm_campaign%253dSourcetree-US-Brand/RK=0/RS=.dgGgbT6ePIQg87HBJpORR1kgEY-?p=sourcetree). I will be concentrating on using GitHub for Windows along with the GitHub shell but at the end I will go through the other tools.

Great so you have a GitHub Account and you have GitHub for Windows installed and Configured. So the next step is to Fork the Repo. 

